packages/docs/docs/skia/skia.md, before:

---
id: skia
sidebar_label: Overview
title: "@remotion/skia"
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import {ExperimentalBadge} from '../../components/Experimental';

This package provides utilities useful for integrating [React Native Skia](https://github.com/Shopify/react-native-skia) with Remotion.

<ExperimentalBadge>
This package is currently a proof of technology.

It may change in minor version updates. Monitor this documentation page to see breaking changes when upgrading.
</ExperimentalBadge>

## Installation

Install, `@remotion/skia` as well as `@shopify/react-native-skia` and `react-native-web`.

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[
{ label: 'npm', value: 'npm', },
{ label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn', },
{ label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm', },
]
}>
<TabItem value="npm">

```bash
npm i @remotion/skia @shopify/react-native-skia react-native-web
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
yarn add @remotion/skia @shopify/react-native-skia react-native-web
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
pnpm i @remotion/skia @shopify/react-native-skia react-native-web
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Also update **all the other Remotion packages** to have the same version: `remotion`, `@remotion/cli` and others.

:::note
Make sure no package version number has a `^` character in front of it as it can lead to a version conflict.
:::

[Override the Webpack config](/docs/webpack) by using [`enableSkia()`](/docs/skia/enable-skia).

```ts twoslash title="remotion.config.ts"
import { Config } from "remotion";
import { enableSkia } from "@remotion/skia/enable";

Config.Bundling.overrideWebpackConfig((currentConfiguration) => {
  return enableSkia(currentConfiguration);
});
```

Next, you need to refactor entrypoint file (most commonly `src/index.tsx`) to first load the Skia WebAssembly binary before calling registerRoot():

```ts twoslash title="src/index.tsx"
// @filename: ./Video.tsx
export const RemotionVideo = () => <></>;

// @filename: index.tsx
// ---cut---
import { LoadSkia } from "@shopify/react-native-skia/src/web";
import { registerRoot } from "remotion";

(async () => {
  await LoadSkia();
  const { RemotionVideo } = await import("./Video");
  registerRoot(RemotionVideo);
})();
```

You can now start using the [`<SkiaCanvas>`](/docs/skia/skia-canvas) in your Remotion project.

## Templates

You can find the [starter template](https://github.com/remotion-dev/template-skia) here or install it using:

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[
{ label: 'npm', value: 'npm', },
{ label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn', },
{ label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm', },
]
}>
<TabItem value="npm">

```bash
npx create-video --skia
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
yarn create video --skia
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
pnpm create video -- --skia
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Rendering

By default Remotion rendering are done [on the CPU](/docs/gpu). Some Skia effects rely on advanced GPU features, which may be slow to run on the CPU depending on the kind of effect you are using.

If your Skia export is extremely slow, we found that using GPU emulation improves things substantially.

```sh
remotion render src/index.tsx Main out/video.mp4 --concurrency 1 --gl=angle
``` 

## Known issues

- A peer dependency conflict between `react-native` and `react-native-web` requires the `--force` for newer versions of npm.

## Resources

- [Example project by William Candillon](https://github.com/wcandillon/remotion-skia-tutorial)
- [Tutorial for the example project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7MOoWN2_nk)

## APIs

- [`enableSkia()`](/docs/skia/enable-skia)
- [`<SkiaCanvas />`](/docs/skia/skia-canvas)

Commit message:

Improve consistency on Rendering with Skia
The previous version was implying that the angle option was GPU emulation.

Former-commit-id: 040758a82489a9eca396a9c3e8d9f3ea8936b9b4

packages/docs/docs/skia/skia.md, after:

---
id: skia
sidebar_label: Overview
title: "@remotion/skia"
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import {ExperimentalBadge} from '../../components/Experimental';

This package provides utilities useful for integrating [React Native Skia](https://github.com/Shopify/react-native-skia) with Remotion.

<ExperimentalBadge>
This package is currently a proof of technology.

It may change in minor version updates. Monitor this documentation page to see breaking changes when upgrading.
</ExperimentalBadge>

## Installation

Install, `@remotion/skia` as well as `@shopify/react-native-skia` and `react-native-web`.

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[
{ label: 'npm', value: 'npm', },
{ label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn', },
{ label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm', },
]
}>
<TabItem value="npm">

```bash
npm i @remotion/skia @shopify/react-native-skia react-native-web
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
yarn add @remotion/skia @shopify/react-native-skia react-native-web
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
pnpm i @remotion/skia @shopify/react-native-skia react-native-web
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Also update **all the other Remotion packages** to have the same version: `remotion`, `@remotion/cli` and others.

:::note
Make sure no package version number has a `^` character in front of it as it can lead to a version conflict.
:::

[Override the Webpack config](/docs/webpack) by using [`enableSkia()`](/docs/skia/enable-skia).

```ts twoslash title="remotion.config.ts"
import { Config } from "remotion";
import { enableSkia } from "@remotion/skia/enable";

Config.Bundling.overrideWebpackConfig((currentConfiguration) => {
  return enableSkia(currentConfiguration);
});
```

Next, you need to refactor entrypoint file (most commonly `src/index.tsx`) to first load the Skia WebAssembly binary before calling registerRoot():

```ts twoslash title="src/index.tsx"
// @filename: ./Video.tsx
export const RemotionVideo = () => <></>;

// @filename: index.tsx
// ---cut---
import { LoadSkia } from "@shopify/react-native-skia/src/web";
import { registerRoot } from "remotion";

(async () => {
  await LoadSkia();
  const { RemotionVideo } = await import("./Video");
  registerRoot(RemotionVideo);
})();
```

You can now start using the [`<SkiaCanvas>`](/docs/skia/skia-canvas) in your Remotion project.

## Templates

You can find the [starter template](https://github.com/remotion-dev/template-skia) here or install it using:

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[
{ label: 'npm', value: 'npm', },
{ label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn', },
{ label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm', },
]
}>
<TabItem value="npm">

```bash
npx create-video --skia
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
yarn create video --skia
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
pnpm create video -- --skia
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Rendering

By default Remotion rendering are done on the CPU. Some Skia effects rely on advanced GPU features, which may be slow to run on the CPU depending on the kind of effect you are using. If your Skia export is extremely slow, we found that enabling the GPU via the `--gl=angle` option improves things substantially. Please check out the documentation on [GPU rendering](/docs/gpu).

```sh
remotion render src/index.tsx Main out/video.mp4 --gl=angle
``` 

## Known issues

- A peer dependency conflict between `react-native` and `react-native-web` requires the `--force` for newer versions of npm.

## Resources

- [Example project by William Candillon](https://github.com/wcandillon/remotion-skia-tutorial)
- [Tutorial for the example project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7MOoWN2_nk)

## APIs

- [`enableSkia()`](/docs/skia/enable-skia)
- [`<SkiaCanvas />`](/docs/skia/skia-canvas)
