---
slug: 2-0
title: Remotion 2.0
author: Jonny Burger
author_title: Indie Hacker
author_url: https://github.com/JonnyBurger
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1629785?s=460&u=12eb94da6070d00fc924761ce06e3a428d01b7e9&v=4
---

## Audio support

## Audio visualization

## Export as audio

## Rich timeline

## `remotion/media-utils` package
with Remotion 2.0 we are introducing a new remotion package called `@remotion/media-utils` with new audio and video metadata api.

- [`getAudioData()`](/docs/get-audio-data) Takes an audio `src`, loads it and returns data and metadata for the specified source.

- [`getAudioDuration()`](/docs/get-audio-duration) Gets the duration in seconds of an audio source. Remotion will create an invisible `<Audio>` tag, load the audio and return the duration.

- [`getVideoMetadata()`](/docs/get-video-metadata) Takes a `src` to a video, loads it and returns metadata for the specified source.

- [`getWaveformPortion()`](/docs/get-waveform-portion) Takes bulky waveform data (for example fetched by `getAudioData()`) and returns a trimmed and simplified version of it, for simpler visualization.

- [`useAudioData()`](/docs/use-audio-data) This convienience function wraps the [`getAudioData()`](/docs/get-audio-data) function into a hook and does 3 things. **1**. Keeps the audio data in a state **2**. Wraps the function in a [`delayRender()` / `continueRender()`](/docs/data-fetching) pattern **3**. Handles the case where the component gets unmounted while the fetching is in progress and a React error is thrown.

- [`visualizeAudio()`](/docs/visualize-audio) This function takes in `AudioData` (preferrably fetched by the `useAudioData()` hook) and processes it in a way that makes visualizing the audio that is playing at the current frame easy.

## Rich Timeline

## ESBuild loader
In Remotion 2.0, the traditional transpilation of Javascript and Typescript using the `babel-loader` has been replaced by the faster `esbuild-loader` by default.

If you for some reason need to go back to the previous behavior, you may [override the Webpack configuration](/docs/webpack). Read more about [legacy babel loader](/docs/legacy-babel). 

<div>
  <video width="100%" height="100%" controls playsinline autoplay="true" muted loop>
    <source src="/img/esbuild-loader.webm" type="video/webm" />
  </video>
</div>

## Webpack caching

## Partial video rendering + Stills

## `<Gif />` component

## Resizable panels

## interpolate()
now supports number array (array length >= 2) in input and outpur range. Make sure the length or input and output array length is same.

## 174 tests added
on remotion 1.5.4 we had total 43 tests including core (14 tests), renderer (1 tests), root (3 tests) and eslint-plugin (25 tests). In remotion 2.0 we added 174 more tests to make our development faster it now contains a total of 217 tests including core (147 tests), eslint-plugin (25 tests), renderer (31 tests) and root (14 tests).

## Fixed: Frame seeking

## Upgrade

[Migration guide](/docs/2-0-migration)

## The future
