packages/docs/blog/2022-11-09-seed-funding.md, before:

---
slug: seed-funding
title: We raised CHF 180k to simplify programmatic video!
author: Jonny Burger
author_title: Chief Hacker @ Remotion
author_url: https://github.com/JonnyBurger
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1629785?s=460&u=12eb94da6070d00fc924761ce06e3a428d01b7e9&v=4
image: https://remotion-still.herokuapp.com/PreviewCard.png?title=TODO
---

import {InvestorGrid} from '../components/InvestorGrid'

We are delighted to announce that we have raised 180'000 Swiss Francs from Remotion users and customers!

With our first funding, we will make it easier for you to programmatically create videos and video apps. We'll introduce new components, templates and tools to help you build more with less code.

## Our investors use Remotion

Our line-up of investors consists of companies and people that use Remotion for fun or to build their business.

We are so happy to partner with investors who understand our vision and can help us with relevant connections.

<InvestorGrid />

## Making Remotion easier for creatives

The number one feedback that we have heard is that being able to write videos in React is powerful, but simple things can be hard. Fortunately, almost any complexity in React can be abstracted, packaged up, released to NPM and shared with others.

While our low-level primitives will always be here, we will also develop higher-level components solving common needs that people face, so that more developers, not just React experts, can use Remotion.

We also encourage our community to create building blocks for Remotion and will sponsor developers as well as help them monetize their work.

## Enabling new business opportunities

With the [Remotion Player](/player) and [Remotion Lambda](/player), we provide APIs that allow you to build apps that produce videos for end users.

We have tons of opportunities to make it easier to build an app with Remotion. We are going to release UI elements, SaaS templates and even best practices for payment integration, so companies can realize Remotion solutions faster and with less resources.

## Why did we "only" raise 180‘000 CHF?

We recognize startups nowadays usually raise much more money than we do at an earlier stage. At the same time, they are facing a high chance of failure due to running out of money.
With the amount we have raised, we are not only able to continue, but accelerate our operation and grow our revenue to confidently stay in business for a long time.
We already have a thriving community of business customers, creative coders, professional Remotion freelancers and indie hackers whose interest is our long-term success.
Vice versa, we owe everything to our community and can only grow with them - we can hardly buy growth!

## Thank you…

To everybody who tried Remotion, sent a pull request, tweeted about it or complained about a bug. It is such a privilege to be able to build Remotion together with you and it should be illegal to have so much fun!

Commit message:

press release
Former-commit-id: cea0d8116cea384fabdc88f9d479f76724247e01

packages/docs/blog/2022-11-09-seed-funding.md, after:

---
slug: seed-funding
title: We raised CHF 180k to simplify programmatic video!
author: Jonny Burger
author_title: Chief Hacker @ Remotion
author_url: https://github.com/JonnyBurger
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1629785?s=460&u=12eb94da6070d00fc924761ce06e3a428d01b7e9&v=4
image: https://remotion-still.herokuapp.com/PreviewCard.png?title=TODO
---

import {InvestorGrid} from '../components/InvestorGrid'
import {DownloadPressRelease} from '../components/DownloadPressRelease'

We are delighted to announce that we have raised 180'000 Swiss Francs from Remotion users and customers!

With our first funding, we will make it easier for you to programmatically create videos and video apps. We'll introduce new components, templates and tools to help you build more with less code.

## Our investors use Remotion

Our line-up of investors consists of companies and people that use Remotion for fun or to build their business.

We are so happy to partner with investors who understand our vision and can help us with relevant connections.

<InvestorGrid />

## Making Remotion easier for creatives

The number one feedback that we have heard is that being able to write videos in React is powerful, but simple things can be hard. Fortunately, almost any complexity in React can be abstracted, packaged up, released to NPM and shared with others.

While our low-level primitives will always be here, we will also develop higher-level components solving common needs that people face, so that more developers, not just React experts, can use Remotion.

We also encourage our community to create building blocks for Remotion and will sponsor developers as well as help them monetize their work.

## Enabling new business opportunities

With the [Remotion Player](/player) and [Remotion Lambda](/player), we provide APIs that allow you to build apps that produce videos for end users.

We have tons of opportunities to make it easier to build an app with Remotion. We are going to release UI elements, SaaS templates and even best practices for payment integration, so companies can realize Remotion solutions faster and with less resources.

## Why did we "only" raise 180‘000 CHF?

We recognize startups usually raise more money than we do at an earlier stage. At the same time, they are entering a high risk of failure due to running out of money.

With the amount we have raised, we are not only able to continue, but accelerate our operation and grow our [company license](https://companies.remotion.dev) revenue to confidently stay here for a long time.

Remotion is a thriving community of business customers, creative coders, professional Remotion freelancers and indie hackers whose interest is our long-term success. Our aim is to grow in a healthy way with our community!

## Thank you…

To everybody who tried out Remotion, sent a pull request, tweeted about it or filed a bug. It is a huge thrill to see people believe in the ideas that we put out and we are very privileged to work on them for hopefully a very long time.

<DownloadPressRelease />
