packages/docs/docs/lambda/custom-destination.md, before:

---
id: custom-destination
sidebar_label: Custom output destination
title: Customizing Lambda output destination
---

By default a render artifact is saved into the same S3 bucket as where the site is located under the key `renders/${renderId}/out.{extension}` (for example: `renders/hy0k2siao8/out.mp4`)

You can modify the output destination by passing a different filename, writing it into a different bucket or even upload it to a different S3-compatible provider.

## Customizing the output name

To customize the output filename, pass `outName: "my-filename.mp4"` to [`renderMediaOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda#outname) or [`renderStillOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda#outname).

On the CLI, use the [`--out-name`](/docs/lambda/cli/render#--out-name) flag.

The output name must match `/^([0-9a-zA-Z-!_.*'()/]+)$/g`.

## Customizing the output bucket

To render into a different bucket, specify the `outName` option to [`renderMediaOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda) or [`renderStillOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda) and pass an object with the `key` and `bucketName` values:

```tsx twoslash {13-16}
// @module: esnext
// @target: es2017
import { renderMediaOnLambda } from "@remotion/lambda";
// ---cut---

const { bucketName, renderId } = await renderMediaOnLambda({
  region: "us-east-1",
  functionName: "remotion-render-bds9aab",
  composition: "MyVideo",
  serveUrl:
    "https://remotionlambda-qg35eyp1s1.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/bf2jrbfkw",
  inputProps: {},
  codec: "h264",
  imageFormat: "jpeg",
  maxRetries: 1,
  privacy: "public",
  outName: {
    key: "my-output",
    bucketName: "output-bucket",
  },
});
```

If you like to use this feature:

- You must extend the [default Remotion policy](/docs/lambda/permissions) to allow read and write access to that bucket.
- The bucket must be in the same region.
- When calling APIs such as [`downloadMedia()`](/docs/lambda/downloadmedia) or [`getRenderProgress()`](/docs/lambda/getrenderprogress), you must pass the `bucketName` where the site resides in, not the bucket where the video gets saved.
- The `key` must match `/^([0-9a-zA-Z-!_.*'()/]+)$/g`
- The bucketName must match `/^(?=^.{3,63}$)(?!^(\d+\.)+\d+$)(^(([a-z0-9]|[a-z0-9][a-z0-9-]*[a-z0-9])\.)*([a-z0-9]|[a-z0-9][a-z0-9-]*[a-z0-9])$)/`.

This feature is not supported from the CLI.

## Saving to another cloud

_Available from v3.2.23_

You can upload the file to another S3-compatible provider.

- List of supported providers (non-exhaustive): Cloudflare, DigitalOcean Spaces
- List of unsupported providers (non-exhaustive): Azure Blob Storage (not S3 compatible)

You must pass an `outName` [as specified above](#customizing-the-output-bucket) and also provide an `s3OutputProvider` like in the example below.

```tsx twoslash {13-21}
// @module: esnext
// @target: es2017
import { renderMediaOnLambda } from "@remotion/lambda";
// ---cut---

const { bucketName, renderId } = await renderMediaOnLambda({
  region: "us-east-1",
  functionName: "remotion-render-bds9aab",
  composition: "MyVideo",
  serveUrl:
    "https://remotionlambda-qg35eyp1s1.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/bf2jrbfkw",
  inputProps: {},
  codec: "h264",
  imageFormat: "jpeg",
  maxRetries: 1,
  privacy: "public",
  outName: {
    key: "my-output",
    bucketName: "output-bucket",
    s3OutputProvider: {
      endpoint: "https://fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com",
      accessKeyId: "<DIGITAL_OCEAN_ACCESS_KEY_ID>",
      secretAccessKey: "<DIGITAL_OCEAN_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>",
    },
  },
});
```

In this example, the output file will be uploaded to DigitalOcean Spaces. The cloud provider will give you the endpoint and credentials.

If you want to use this feature, note the following:

- When calling [`downloadMedia()`](/docs/lambda/downloadmedia#bucketname) or [`getRenderProgress()`](/docs/lambda/getrenderprogress#bucketname), you must pass the AWS `bucketName` where the site resides in, not the bucket name of the foreign cloud.
- When calling [`downloadMedia()`](/docs/lambda/downloadmedia#s3outputprovider) or [`getRenderProgress()`](/docs/lambda/getrenderprogress#s3outputprovider), you must provide the `s3OutputProvider` option with the same credentials again.

This feature is not supported from the CLI.

## See also

- Customizing the filename when a file is downloaded using `downloadBehavior`: For [`renderMediaOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda#downloadbehavior) and [`renderStillOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda#downloadbehavior)

Commit message:

mention that ACL may need to be disabled when saving to other clouds
Former-commit-id: 5b2798b54795182d931da15b75d87f90fa49a632

packages/docs/docs/lambda/custom-destination.md, after:

---
id: custom-destination
sidebar_label: Custom output destination
title: Customizing Lambda output destination
---

By default a render artifact is saved into the same S3 bucket as where the site is located under the key `renders/${renderId}/out.{extension}` (for example: `renders/hy0k2siao8/out.mp4`)

You can modify the output destination by passing a different filename, writing it into a different bucket or even upload it to a different S3-compatible provider.

## Customizing the output name

To customize the output filename, pass `outName: "my-filename.mp4"` to [`renderMediaOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda#outname) or [`renderStillOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda#outname).

On the CLI, use the [`--out-name`](/docs/lambda/cli/render#--out-name) flag.

The output name must match `/^([0-9a-zA-Z-!_.*'()/]+)$/g`.

## Customizing the output bucket

To render into a different bucket, specify the `outName` option to [`renderMediaOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda) or [`renderStillOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda) and pass an object with the `key` and `bucketName` values:

```tsx twoslash {13-16}
// @module: esnext
// @target: es2017
import { renderMediaOnLambda } from "@remotion/lambda";
// ---cut---

const { bucketName, renderId } = await renderMediaOnLambda({
  region: "us-east-1",
  functionName: "remotion-render-bds9aab",
  composition: "MyVideo",
  serveUrl:
    "https://remotionlambda-qg35eyp1s1.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/bf2jrbfkw",
  inputProps: {},
  codec: "h264",
  imageFormat: "jpeg",
  maxRetries: 1,
  privacy: "public",
  outName: {
    key: "my-output",
    bucketName: "output-bucket",
  },
});
```

If you like to use this feature:

- You must extend the [default Remotion policy](/docs/lambda/permissions) to allow read and write access to that bucket.
- The bucket must be in the same region.
- When calling APIs such as [`downloadMedia()`](/docs/lambda/downloadmedia) or [`getRenderProgress()`](/docs/lambda/getrenderprogress), you must pass the `bucketName` where the site resides in, not the bucket where the video gets saved.
- The `key` must match `/^([0-9a-zA-Z-!_.*'()/]+)$/g`
- The bucketName must match `/^(?=^.{3,63}$)(?!^(\d+\.)+\d+$)(^(([a-z0-9]|[a-z0-9][a-z0-9-]*[a-z0-9])\.)*([a-z0-9]|[a-z0-9][a-z0-9-]*[a-z0-9])$)/`.

This feature is not supported from the CLI.

## Saving to another cloud

_Available from v3.2.23_

You can upload the file to another S3-compatible provider.

- List of supported providers (non-exhaustive): Cloudflare, DigitalOcean Spaces
- List of unsupported providers (non-exhaustive): Azure Blob Storage (not S3 compatible)

You must pass an `outName` [as specified above](#customizing-the-output-bucket) and also provide an `s3OutputProvider` like in the example below.

```tsx twoslash {13-21}
// @module: esnext
// @target: es2017
import { renderMediaOnLambda } from "@remotion/lambda";
// ---cut---

const { bucketName, renderId } = await renderMediaOnLambda({
  region: "us-east-1",
  functionName: "remotion-render-bds9aab",
  composition: "MyVideo",
  serveUrl:
    "https://remotionlambda-qg35eyp1s1.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/bf2jrbfkw",
  inputProps: {},
  codec: "h264",
  imageFormat: "jpeg",
  maxRetries: 1,
  privacy: "no-acl",
  outName: {
    key: "my-output",
    bucketName: "output-bucket",
    s3OutputProvider: {
      endpoint: "https://fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com",
      accessKeyId: "<DIGITAL_OCEAN_ACCESS_KEY_ID>",
      secretAccessKey: "<DIGITAL_OCEAN_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>",
    },
  },
});
```

In this example, the output file will be uploaded to DigitalOcean Spaces. The cloud provider will give you the endpoint and credentials.

If you want to use this feature, note the following:

- When calling [`downloadMedia()`](/docs/lambda/downloadmedia#bucketname) or [`getRenderProgress()`](/docs/lambda/getrenderprogress#bucketname), you must pass the AWS `bucketName` where the site resides in, not the bucket name of the foreign cloud.
- When calling [`downloadMedia()`](/docs/lambda/downloadmedia#s3outputprovider) or [`getRenderProgress()`](/docs/lambda/getrenderprogress#s3outputprovider), you must provide the `s3OutputProvider` option with the same credentials again.
- By default, Remotion [assumes you use ACL](/docs/lambda/troubleshooting/bucket-disallows-acl) which is less common on other clouds. You need to set `privacy: "no-acl"` if you don't want to use ACL.

This feature is not supported from the CLI.

## See also

- Customizing the filename when a file is downloaded using `downloadBehavior`: For [`renderMediaOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda#downloadbehavior) and [`renderStillOnLambda()`](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda#downloadbehavior)
