packages/docs/docs/lambda/region-selection.md, before:

---
image: /generated/articles-docs-lambda-region-selection.png
id: region-selection
title: Region selection
slug: /lambda/region-selection
crumb: "Lambda"
---

import {LambdaRegionList} from '../../components/lambda/regions.tsx';

Before going live with Remotion Lambda, you need to think about into which AWS region you are deploying your function and bucket.

This document explains how to select a region and which considerations you need to make.

## Available regions

The following AWS regions are available:

<LambdaRegionList />

You can call [`getRegions()`](/docs/lambda/getregions) or type [`npx remotion lambda regions`](/docs/lambda/cli/regions) to get this list programmatically.

## Default region

The default region is `us-east-1`.

## Selecting a region

There are 3 ways of selection a region:

- When using the Node.JS APIs, you have to pass the region explicitly to each function. Make sure your projects satisfy the Typescript types or follow the documentation.

- When using the CLI, you can set the region using the `REMOTION_AWS_REGION` environment variable. It's best to put it in a `.env` file so you don't forget it sometimes.

:::info
The variable is called `REMOTION_AWS_REGION` because in Cloud providers like Vercel, `AWS_REGION` is a reserved environment variable name. However, Remotion does also accept the latter if you use it locally.
:::

- You can also pass the `--region` flag to all CLI commands to override the region. The flag takes precedence over the environment variable.

:::info
The REMOTION_AWS_REGION environment variable and `--region` flag do not have an effect when using the Node.JS APIs. You need to pass a region explicitly.
:::

If you don't set a region, Remotion will use the default region.

## Which region should I choose?

Note that different regions have a different limit on how many Lambda functions can be started in a short amount of time [("burst limit")](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-scaling.html).

- `us-east-1`, `us-west-2`, `eu-west-1`: Burst concurrency = 3000
- `ap-northeast-1`, `eu-central-1`, `us-east-2`: Burst concurrency = 1000
- All other regions = 500

**Because of this, we recommend hosting your primary infrastructure in `us-east-1`, `us-west-2` or `eu-west-1` for maximum scalability.**

## Other considerations

- The function and S3 bucket must be in the same region to eliminate latency across datacenters. Rendering with functions and buckets that ahave mismatching regions is not supported

- You may deploy your whole architecture to different regions to further increase the amount of renders you can make concurrently. The tradeoff is higher redundancy, and not being able to benefit less from already warm functions.

- Some regions are more expensive than others (for example `af-south-1`).
  Consult the [Lambda Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/pricing/) from AWS.

- Some regions [are disabled by default](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html) and you need to enable them in your AWS account before you can use them.

Commit message:

handle more regions
Former-commit-id: 77b7f5e60d272cf1a452fc05708abd6a22202435

packages/docs/docs/lambda/region-selection.md, after:

---
image: /generated/articles-docs-lambda-region-selection.png
id: region-selection
title: Region selection
slug: /lambda/region-selection
crumb: "Lambda"
---

import {LambdaRegionList} from '../../components/lambda/regions.tsx';

Before going live with Remotion Lambda, you need to think about into which AWS region you are deploying your function and bucket.

This document explains how to select a region and which considerations you need to make.

## Available regions

The following AWS regions are available:

<LambdaRegionList />

You can call [`getRegions()`](/docs/lambda/getregions) or type [`npx remotion lambda regions`](/docs/lambda/cli/regions) to get this list programmatically.

## Default region

The default region is `us-east-1`.

## Selecting a region

There are 3 ways of selection a region:

- When using the Node.JS APIs, you have to pass the region explicitly to each function. Make sure your projects satisfy the Typescript types or follow the documentation.

- When using the CLI, you can set the region using the `REMOTION_AWS_REGION` environment variable. It's best to put it in a `.env` file so you don't forget it sometimes.

:::info
The variable is called `REMOTION_AWS_REGION` because in Cloud providers like Vercel, `AWS_REGION` is a reserved environment variable name. However, Remotion does also accept the latter if you use it locally.
:::

- You can also pass the `--region` flag to all CLI commands to override the region. The flag takes precedence over the environment variable.

:::info
The REMOTION_AWS_REGION environment variable and `--region` flag do not have an effect when using the Node.JS APIs. You need to pass a region explicitly.
:::

If you don't set a region, Remotion will use the default region.

## Which region should I choose?

Note that different regions have a different limit on how many Lambda functions can be started in a short amount of time [("burst limit")](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-scaling.html).

- `us-east-1`, `us-west-2`, `eu-west-1`: Burst concurrency = 3000
- `ap-northeast-1`, `eu-central-1`, `us-east-2`: Burst concurrency = 1000
- All other regions = 500

**Because of this, we recommend hosting your primary infrastructure in `us-east-1`, `us-west-2` or `eu-west-1` for maximum scalability.**

## Enabling regions in the AWS console

Some regions that are supported by Remotion are not enabled by default in an AWS account. If you get a message:

```
The security token included in the request is invalid
```

Go to the AWS console, click on your name, then click `Account` and enable the regions that you would like to use.

## Other considerations

- The function and S3 bucket must be in the same region to eliminate latency across datacenters. Rendering with functions and buckets that ahave mismatching regions is not supported

- You may deploy your whole architecture to different regions to further increase the amount of renders you can make concurrently. The tradeoff is higher redundancy, and not being able to benefit less from already warm functions.

- Some regions are more expensive than others (for example `af-south-1`).
  Consult the [Lambda Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/pricing/) from AWS.

- Some regions [are disabled by default](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html) and you need to enable them in your AWS account before you can use them.
