packages/docs/docs/lambda/cli/render.md, before:

---
id: render
sidebar_label: render
title: "npx remotion lambda render"
slug: /lambda/cli/render
---

import { MinimumFramesPerLambda } from "../../../components/lambda/default-frames-per-lambda";

Using the `npx remotion lambda render` command, you can render a video in the cloud.

The structure of a command is as follows:

```
npx remotion lambda render <serve-url> <composition-id> [<output-location>]
```

- The serve URL is obtained by deploying a project to Remotion using the [`sites create`](/docs/lambda/cli/sites#create) command or calling [`deploySite()`](/docs/lambda/deploysite).
- The composition ID is the [`id` of your `<Composition/>`](/docs/the-fundamentals#defining-compositions).
- The `output-location` parameter is optional. If you don't specify it, the video is stored in your S3 bucket. If you specify a location, it gets downloaded to your device in an additional step.

## Example commands

Rendering a video:

```
npx remotion lambda render https://remotionlambda-abcdef.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/testbed/index.html my-comp
```

Rendering a video and saving it to `out/video.mp4`:

```
npx remotion lambda render https://remotionlambda-abcdef.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/testbed/index.html my-comp out/video.mp4
```

Using the shorthand serve URL:

```
npx remotion lambda render testbed my-comp
```

Passing in input props:

```
npx remotion lambda render --props='{"hi": "there"}' testbed my-comp
```

Printing debug information including a CloudWatch link:

```
npx remotion lambda render --log=verbose testbed my-comp
```

Keeping the output video private:

```
npx remotion lambda render --privacy=private testbed my-comp
```

Rendering only the audio:

```
npx remotion lambda render --codec=mp3 testbed my-comp
```

## Flags

### `--region`

The [AWS region](/docs/lambda/region-selection) to select. Both project and function should be in this region.

### `--props`

[React Props to pass to the root component of your video.](/docs/parametrized-rendering#passing-input-props-in-the-cli) Must be a serialized JSON string (`--props='{"hello": "world"}'`) or a path to a JSON file (`./path/to/props.json`).

### `--log`

Log level to be used inside the Lambda function. Also, if you set it to `verbose`, a link to CloudWatch will be printed where you can inspect logs.

### `--privacy`

Defines if the output media is accessible for everyone or not. Either `public` or `private`, default `public`.

### `--max-retries`

How many times a single chunk is being retried if it fails to render. Default `1`.

### `--frames-per-lambda`

How many frames should be rendered in a single Lambda function. Increase it to require less Lambda functions to render the video, decrease it to make the render faster.

Default value: [Dependant on video length](/docs/lambda/concurrency)  
Minimum value: <MinimumFramesPerLambda />

:::note
The `framesPerLambda` parameter cannot result in more than 200 functions being spawned. See: [Concurrency](/docs/lambda/concurrency)
:::

### `--concurrency-per-lambda`

_Available from v3.0.30_

By default, each Lambda function renders with concurrency 1 (one open browser tab). You may use the option to customize this value.

### `--quality`

[Value between 0 and 100 for JPEG rendering quality](/docs/config#setquality). Doesn't work when PNG frames are rendered.

### `--codec`

[`h264` or `h265` or `png` or `vp8` or `mp3` or `aac` or `wav` or `prores`](/docs/config#setcodec). If you don't supply `--codec`, it will use `h264`.

### `--prores-profile`

[Set the ProRes profile](/docs/config#setproresprofile). This option is only valid if the [`codec`](#--codec) has been set to `prores`. Possible values: `4444-xq`, `4444`, `hq`, `standard`, `light`, `proxy`. See [here](https://video.stackexchange.com/a/14715) for explanation of possible values. Default: `hq`.

### `--crf`

[To set Constant Rate Factor (CRF) of the output](/docs/config#setcrf). Minimum 0. Use this rate control mode if you want to keep the best quality and care less about the file size.

### `--pixel-format`

[Set a custom pixel format. See here for available values.](/docs/config#setpixelformat)

### `--image-format`

[`jpeg` or `png` - JPEG is faster, but doesn't support transparency.](/docs/config#setimageformat) The default image format is `jpeg`.

### `--scale`

Scales the output frames by the factor you pass in. For example, a 1280x720px frame will become a 1920x1080px frame with a scale factor of `1.5`. Vector elements like fonts and HTML markups will be rendered with extra details.

### `--env-file`

Specify a location for a dotenv file. Default `.env`.

### `--frames`

[Render a subset of a video](/docs/config#setframerange). Example: `--frames=0-9` to select the first 10 frames. To render a still, use the [`still`](/docs/lambda/cli/still) command.

### `--out-name`

The file name of the media output as stored in the S3 bucket. By default, it is `out` plus the appropriate file extension, for example: `out.mp4`. Must match `/([0-9a-zA-Z-!_.*'()]+)/g`.

Commit message:

document Render as GIF
Former-commit-id: d786a28e711f0adf981cec0b87a20bbe97bfef0b

packages/docs/docs/lambda/cli/render.md, after:

---
id: render
sidebar_label: render
title: "npx remotion lambda render"
slug: /lambda/cli/render
---

import { MinimumFramesPerLambda } from "../../../components/lambda/default-frames-per-lambda";

Using the `npx remotion lambda render` command, you can render a video in the cloud.

The structure of a command is as follows:

```
npx remotion lambda render <serve-url> <composition-id> [<output-location>]
```

- The serve URL is obtained by deploying a project to Remotion using the [`sites create`](/docs/lambda/cli/sites#create) command or calling [`deploySite()`](/docs/lambda/deploysite).
- The composition ID is the [`id` of your `<Composition/>`](/docs/the-fundamentals#defining-compositions).
- The `output-location` parameter is optional. If you don't specify it, the video is stored in your S3 bucket. If you specify a location, it gets downloaded to your device in an additional step.

## Example commands

Rendering a video:

```
npx remotion lambda render https://remotionlambda-abcdef.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/testbed/index.html my-comp
```

Rendering a video and saving it to `out/video.mp4`:

```
npx remotion lambda render https://remotionlambda-abcdef.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/sites/testbed/index.html my-comp out/video.mp4
```

Using the shorthand serve URL:

```
npx remotion lambda render testbed my-comp
```

Passing in input props:

```
npx remotion lambda render --props='{"hi": "there"}' testbed my-comp
```

Printing debug information including a CloudWatch link:

```
npx remotion lambda render --log=verbose testbed my-comp
```

Keeping the output video private:

```
npx remotion lambda render --privacy=private testbed my-comp
```

Rendering only the audio:

```
npx remotion lambda render --codec=mp3 testbed my-comp
```

## Flags

### `--region`

The [AWS region](/docs/lambda/region-selection) to select. Both project and function should be in this region.

### `--props`

[React Props to pass to the root component of your video.](/docs/parametrized-rendering#passing-input-props-in-the-cli) Must be a serialized JSON string (`--props='{"hello": "world"}'`) or a path to a JSON file (`./path/to/props.json`).

### `--log`

Log level to be used inside the Lambda function. Also, if you set it to `verbose`, a link to CloudWatch will be printed where you can inspect logs.

### `--privacy`

Defines if the output media is accessible for everyone or not. Either `public` or `private`, default `public`.

### `--max-retries`

How many times a single chunk is being retried if it fails to render. Default `1`.

### `--frames-per-lambda`

How many frames should be rendered in a single Lambda function. Increase it to require less Lambda functions to render the video, decrease it to make the render faster.

Default value: [Dependant on video length](/docs/lambda/concurrency)  
Minimum value: <MinimumFramesPerLambda />

:::note
The `framesPerLambda` parameter cannot result in more than 200 functions being spawned. See: [Concurrency](/docs/lambda/concurrency)
:::

### `--concurrency-per-lambda`

_Available from v3.0.30_

By default, each Lambda function renders with concurrency 1 (one open browser tab). You may use the option to customize this value.

### `--quality`

[Value between 0 and 100 for JPEG rendering quality](/docs/config#setquality). Doesn't work when PNG frames are rendered.

### `--codec`

[`h264` or `h265` or `png` or `vp8` or `mp3` or `aac` or `wav` or `prores`](/docs/config#setcodec). If you don't supply `--codec`, it will use `h264`.

### `--prores-profile`

[Set the ProRes profile](/docs/config#setproresprofile). This option is only valid if the [`codec`](#--codec) has been set to `prores`. Possible values: `4444-xq`, `4444`, `hq`, `standard`, `light`, `proxy`. See [here](https://video.stackexchange.com/a/14715) for explanation of possible values. Default: `hq`.

### `--crf`

[To set Constant Rate Factor (CRF) of the output](/docs/config#setcrf). Minimum 0. Use this rate control mode if you want to keep the best quality and care less about the file size.

### `--pixel-format`

[Set a custom pixel format. See here for available values.](/docs/config#setpixelformat)

### `--image-format`

[`jpeg` or `png` - JPEG is faster, but doesn't support transparency.](/docs/config#setimageformat) The default image format is `jpeg`.

### `--scale`

Scales the output frames by the factor you pass in. For example, a 1280x720px frame will become a 1920x1080px frame with a scale factor of `1.5`. Vector elements like fonts and HTML markups will be rendered with extra details.

### `--env-file`

Specify a location for a dotenv file. Default `.env`.

### `--frames`

[Render a subset of a video](/docs/config#setframerange). Example: `--frames=0-9` to select the first 10 frames. To render a still, use the [`still`](/docs/lambda/cli/still) command.

### `--every-nth-frame`

_available from v3.1_

[Render only every nth frame.](/docs/config#seteverynthframe) This option may only be set when rendering GIFs. This allows you to lower the FPS of the GIF.

For example only every second frame, every third frame and so on. Only works for rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif)

### `--loop`

_available from v3.1_

[Set the looping behavior.](/docs/config#setloop) This option may only be set when rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif#changing-the-number-of-loops)

### `--out-name`

The file name of the media output as stored in the S3 bucket. By default, it is `out` plus the appropriate file extension, for example: `out.mp4`. Must match `/([0-9a-zA-Z-!_.*'()]+)/g`.
