packages/docs/docs/data-fetching.md, before:

---
id: data-fetching
title: Data fetching
---

One of the most groundbreaking things about Remotion is that you can fetch data from an API to display in your video like you would in a regular React project. It works almost like you are used to: You can use the `fetch` API to load the data in a `useEffect` and set a state.

## Telling Remotion to wait until the data is loaded

There are two functions, [`delayRender`](/docs/delay-render) and [`continueRender`](/docs/continue-render), which you can use to tell Remotion to not yet render the frame. If you want to asynchronously render a frame, you should call `delayRender()` as soon as possible, before the window `onload` event is fired. The function returns a handle that you need to give Remotion the green light to render later using `continueRender()`.

```tsx twoslash
import { useEffect, useCallback, useState } from "react";
import { continueRender, delayRender } from "remotion";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  const [data, setData] = useState(null);
  const [handle] = useState(() => delayRender());

  const fetchData = useCallback(async () => {
    const response = await fetch("http://example.com/api");
    const json = await response.json();
    setData(json);

    continueRender(handle);
  }, [handle]);

  useEffect(() => {
    fetchData();
  }, [fetchData]);

  return (
    <div>
      {data ? (
        <div>This video has data from an API! {JSON.stringify(data)}</div>
      ) : null}
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Caching

It is important to know that in the render process, data fetching works on a per-frame basis. 
Every frame, every component is re-rendered by the _frame context_ modification and then screenshotted.
You should consider caching the result of your API, to avoid rate-limits and also to speed up the render of your video. We have two suggestions on how to do that:

- Use the `localStorage` API to persist data after a network request and make a request only if the local storage is empty.

- Fetch the data before the render, and store it as a JSON file, then import this JSON file.

## Time limit

You need to clear all handles created by `delayRender` within 30 seconds after the page is opened. This limit is imposed by Puppeteer, but makes a lot of sense as going over this limit would make the rendering process massively slow.

## Using `delayRender()` to calculate video metadata

You can also customize duration, frame rate and dimensions based on asynchronous data fetching:

- **See: [Dynamic duration, FPS & dimensions](/docs/dynamic-metadata)**

## See also

- [delayRender()](/docs/delay-render)

Commit message:

docs: multi-process rendering with localStorage caching requires the data API response to stay the same Former-commit-id: 06b517480ee263036093b5049adeb2e753003db8

packages/docs/docs/data-fetching.md, after:

---
id: data-fetching
title: Data fetching
---

One of the most groundbreaking things about Remotion is that you can fetch data from an API to display in your video like you would in a regular React project. It works almost like you are used to: You can use the `fetch` API to load the data in a `useEffect` and set a state.

## Telling Remotion to wait until the data is loaded

There are two functions, [`delayRender`](/docs/delay-render) and [`continueRender`](/docs/continue-render), which you can use to tell Remotion to not yet render the frame. If you want to asynchronously render a frame, you should call `delayRender()` as soon as possible, before the window `onload` event is fired. The function returns a handle that you need to give Remotion the green light to render later using `continueRender()`.

```tsx twoslash
import { useEffect, useCallback, useState } from "react";
import { continueRender, delayRender } from "remotion";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  const [data, setData] = useState(null);
  const [handle] = useState(() => delayRender());

  const fetchData = useCallback(async () => {
    const response = await fetch("http://example.com/api");
    const json = await response.json();
    setData(json);

    continueRender(handle);
  }, [handle]);

  useEffect(() => {
    fetchData();
  }, [fetchData]);

  return (
    <div>
      {data ? (
        <div>This video has data from an API! {JSON.stringify(data)}</div>
      ) : null}
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Caching

It is important to know that in the render process, data fetching works on a per-frame basis. 
Every frame, every component is re-rendered by the _frame context_ modification and then screenshotted.
You should consider caching the result of your API, to avoid rate-limits and also to speed up the render of your video. We have two suggestions on how to do that:

- Use the `localStorage` API to persist data after a network request and make a request only if the local storage is empty. This technique will make one request per rendering process and then continue with the cached data. If the API you're fetching data from returns different data for each request this method is not a good choice.

- Fetch the data before the render, and store it as a JSON file, then import this JSON file.

## Time limit

You need to clear all handles created by `delayRender` within 30 seconds after the page is opened. This limit is imposed by Puppeteer, but makes a lot of sense as going over this limit would make the rendering process massively slow.

## Using `delayRender()` to calculate video metadata

You can also customize duration, frame rate and dimensions based on asynchronous data fetching:

- **See: [Dynamic duration, FPS & dimensions](/docs/dynamic-metadata)**

## See also

- [delayRender()](/docs/delay-render)
