---
title: getCompositions()
id: get-compositions
---

import {AngleChangelog} from '../components/AngleChangelog';

_Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package._

Gets the compositions defined in a Remotion project based on a webpack bundle. Spins up a browser with Puppeteer and evaluates the Remotion root.

```ts
const getCompositions: (
  bundle: string,
  options: {
    inputProps?: object | null;
    browserInstance?: puppeteer.Browser;
  }
) => Promise<TComposition[]>;
```

## Arguments

### `bundle`

A string pointing to a Webpack bundle generated by `@remotion/bundler`.

### `options?`

_optional_

An object containing one or more of the following options:

#### `inputProps?`

_optional_

Define custom props that can be retrieved using [`getInputProps()`](/docs/get-input-props) at runtime. Useful for [setting a dynamic duration or dimensions](/docs/dynamic-metadata) for your video.

#### `browserInstance?`

_optional_

An already open Puppeteer [`Browser`](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=main&show=api-class-browser) instance. Reusing a browser across multiple function calls can speed up the rendering process. You are responsible for opening and closing the browser yourself. If you don't specify this option, a new browser will be opened and closed at the end.

#### `browserExecutable?`

_optional, available from v2.3.1_

A string defining the absolute path on disk of the browser executable that should be used. By default Remotion will try to detect it automatically and download one if none is available. If `browserInstance` is defined, it will take precedence over `browserExecutable`.

#### `timeoutInMilliseconds?`

_optional, available from v2.6.3_

A number describing how long one frame may take to resolve all `delayRender()` calls before the render times out and fails. Default: `30000`

### `chromiumOptions?`

_optional, available from v2.6.5_

Allows you to set certain Chromium / Google Chrome flags. See: [Chromium flags](/docs/chromium-flags).

#### `disableWebSecurity`

_boolean - default `false`_

This will most notably disable CORS among other security features.

#### `ignoreCertificateErrors`

_boolean - default `false`_

Results in invalid SSL certificates, such as self-signed ones being ignored.

#### `headless`

_boolean - default `true`_

If disabled, the render will open an actual Chrome window where you can see the render happen.

#### `gl`

_string_

<!-- TODO: Update for lambda -->

<AngleChangelog />

Select the OpenGL renderer backend for Chromium. Accepted values: `"angle"`, `"egl"`, `"swiftshader"` and `null`. `null` means Chromiums default. Default: `null`.

## Return value

Returns a promise that resolves to an array of available compositions. Example value:

```ts twoslash
[
  {
    id: "HelloWorld",
    width: 1920,
    height: 1080,
    fps: 30,
    defaultProps: {
      title: "Hello World",
    },
  },
  {
    id: "Title",
    width: 1080,
    height: 1080,
    fps: 30,
    defaultProps: undefined,
  },
];
```

The `defaultProps` only get returned since v2.5.7.

## See also

- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [bundle()](/docs/bundle)
- [renderFrames()](/docs/render-frames)
- [stitchFramesToVideo()](/docs/stitch-frames-to-video)
