packages/docs/docs/gpu.md, before:

---
id: gpu
title: Using the GPU
sidebar_label: Using the GPU
---

Some types of content in Remotion can benefit from a GPU being available on the machine that is used for rendering. That is:

- WebGL content (Three.JS, P5.js, Mapbox etc.)
- 2D Canvas graphics
- GPU-accelerated CSS properties such as `filter: blur()`

If a GPU is available, it should be enabled by default while rendering the preview. However, in headless mode, Chromium disables the GPU, leading to a significant
slowdown in rendering time.

## Using `--gl=angle`

Since Chrome 98, the GPU can be used in headless mode. Adding `--gl=angle` (or `{chromiumOptions: {gl: "angle"}}` for the Node.JS APIs), we find that a video rendered on a `<canvas>` on macOS is many times faster compared to rendering without the flag..

However, there seems to be memory leakage from Chrome that may kill a long render, therefore we don't set `angle` as default. We recommend to render long videos that use the GPU in multiple parts.

## Considerations

For rendering content that can benefit from a GPU, you might want to choose a cloud rendering solution to which a GPU can be attached to over AWS Lambda (which does not have a GPU). Most bigger cloud providers have some GPU-enabled VPS offerings. Apple M1 VPS instances might also be able to accelerate graphics rendering and be more economical than VPS instances with desktop graphic cards.

## Software emulation

You can still render all types of content without having a GPU, it will just be slower.
The graphics content will be software-emulated using [ANGLE](https://github.com/google/angle) or [SwiftShader](https://github.com/google/swiftshader) (when using Lambda).

## What are your experiences?

We'd love to learn and document more findings about the GPU. Let us know and we will amend this document!

Commit message:

new lambda page: optimizing cost
Former-commit-id: 06693318ac5bca72cc6a98d699ce9567e38c6dac

packages/docs/docs/gpu.md, after:

---
id: gpu
title: Using the GPU
sidebar_label: Using the GPU
---

Some types of content in Remotion can benefit from a GPU being available on the machine that is used for rendering. That is:

- WebGL content (Three.JS, P5.js, Mapbox etc.)
- 2D Canvas graphics
- GPU-accelerated CSS properties such as `filter: blur()`

If a GPU is available, it should be enabled by default while rendering the preview. However, in headless mode, Chromium disables the GPU, leading to a significant
slowdown in rendering time.

## Using `--gl=angle`

Since Chrome 98, the GPU can be used in headless mode. Adding `--gl=angle` (or `{chromiumOptions: {gl: "angle"}}` for the Node.JS APIs), we find that a video rendered on a `<canvas>` on macOS is many times faster compared to rendering without the flag..

However, there seems to be memory leakage from Chrome that may kill a long render, therefore we don't set `angle` as default. We recommend to render long videos that use the GPU in multiple parts.

## Considerations

For rendering content that can benefit from a GPU, you might want to choose a cloud rendering solution to which a GPU can be attached to over AWS Lambda (which does not have a GPU). Most bigger cloud providers have some GPU-enabled VPS offerings. Apple M1 VPS instances might also be able to accelerate graphics rendering and be more economical than VPS instances with desktop graphic cards.

## Software emulation

You can still render all types of content without having a GPU, it will just be slower.
The graphics content will be software-emulated using [ANGLE](https://github.com/google/angle) or [SwiftShader](https://github.com/google/swiftshader) (when using Lambda).

## Using the GPU on Lambda

AWS Lambda instances have no GPU, so it is not possible to use it.

## What are your experiences?

We'd love to learn and document more findings about the GPU. Let us know and we will amend this document!
