packages/docs/docs/using-audio.md, before:

---
title: Using audio
id: using-audio
---

## Import audio

You can import an audio file using an `import` statement:

```ts twoslash
import { Audio } from "remotion"; // needed to import audio files
// ---cut---
import audio from "./audio.mp3";
```

You may add an [`<Audio/>`](/docs/audio) tag to your composition to add sound to it.

```tsx twoslash {8}
import { Audio } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyComposition: React.FC = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Hello World!</h1>
      <Audio src={audio} />
    </div>
  );
};
```

The audio will play from the start, at full volume and as long as the duration of the composition or the duration of the audio is long, whatever is shorter.

You can also import remote audio by passing a URL (`src="https://example.com/audio.mp3"`).

You can mix multiple tracks together by adding more audio tags.

## Cutting or trimming the audio

You can use the [`<Sequence />`](/docs/sequence) API to cut and trim audio.
As a convenience, the `<Audio />` tag supports the `startFrom` and `endAt` props.

```tsx twoslash {10-11}
import { Audio } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio
        src={audio}
        startFrom={59} // if your composition is 30fps, then it will start at 2s
        endAt={120} // if your composition is 30fps, then it will end at 4s
      />
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Delaying audio

Use a `<Sequence>` with a positive `from` attribute to delay the audio from playing.
In the following example, the audio will start playing (from the beginning) after 100 frames.

```tsx twoslash {8}
import { Audio, Sequence } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Sequence from={100}>
        <Audio src={audio} />
      </Sequence>
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Controlling volume

You can use the `volume` prop to control the volume.
**The simplest way is to pass a number between 0 and 1**. `1` is the maximum volume, values over 1 are allowed but will not increase the volume further. Volumes under 0 are not allowed.

```tsx twoslash {8}
import { Audio } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio src={audio} volume={0.5} />
    </div>
  );
};
```

You can also **change volume over time**, in this example we are using the [interpolate()](/docs/interpolate) function. Note that because values below 0 are not allowed, we need to set the `extrapolateLeft: 'clamp'` option to ensure no negative values.

```tsx twoslash {12-14}
import { Audio, interpolate, useCurrentFrame } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  const frame = useCurrentFrame();

  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio
        src={audio}
        volume={interpolate(frame, [0, 30], [0, 1], {
          extrapolateLeft: "clamp",
        })}
      />
    </div>
  );
};
```

You may also pass a **callback function** that returns the volume based an arbitrary frame number. This has the benefit that Remotion is able to **draw a volume curve in the timeline**!

```tsx twoslash {10-12}
import { Audio, interpolate } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio
        src={audio}
        volume={(f) =>
          interpolate(f, [0, 30], [0, 1], { extrapolateLeft: "clamp" })
        }
      />
    </div>
  );
};
```

Note that if you pass in a callback function, the first frame on which audio is being played is always the frame `0`.

## `muted` property

You may pass in the `muted` and it may change over time. When `muted` is true, audio will be omitted at that time. In the following example, we are muting the track between frame 40 and 60.

```tsx twoslash {10}
import { Audio, useCurrentFrame } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  const frame = useCurrentFrame();

  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio src={audio} muted={frame >= 40 && frame <= 60} />
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Use audio from `<Video />` tags

Audio from [`<Video />`](/docs/video) tags are also included in the output. You may also use the `volume` and `muted` props in the same way.

## Controlling playback speed

_Available from v2.2_

You can use the `playbackRate` prop to control the speed of the audio. `1` is the default and means regular speed, `0.5` slows down the audio so it's twice as long and `2` speeds up the audio so it's twice as fast.

While Remotion doesn't limit the range of possible playback speeds, in development mode the [`HTMLMediaElement.playbackRate`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/playbackRate) API is used which throws errors on extreme values. At the time of writing, Google Chrome throws an exception if the playback rate is below `0.0625` or above `16`.

## Audio visualization

You can obtain audio data and create visualizations based on it. See the page [Audio visualization](/docs/audio-visualization) for more info.

## Rendering audio only

Exporting as `mp3`, `aac` and `wav` is supported. To render only the audio, specify an extension when exporting via CLI:

```
npx remotion render src/index.tsx my-comp audio.mp3
```

To render audio using the Node.JS APIs, set the `codec` property to one of the supported audio codecs.

## See also

- [Importing assets](/docs/assets)
- [Audio visualization](/docs/audio-visualization)
- [`<Audio />`](/docs/audio) tag

Commit message:

document ios safari not supporting volume
Former-commit-id: d2b4cc46cfe5642ed4bd135baad4369803ba54a8

packages/docs/docs/using-audio.md, after:

---
title: Using audio
id: using-audio
---

## Import audio

You can import an audio file using an `import` statement:

```ts twoslash
import { Audio } from "remotion"; // needed to import audio files
// ---cut---
import audio from "./audio.mp3";
```

You may add an [`<Audio/>`](/docs/audio) tag to your composition to add sound to it.

```tsx twoslash {8}
import { Audio } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyComposition: React.FC = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Hello World!</h1>
      <Audio src={audio} />
    </div>
  );
};
```

The audio will play from the start, at full volume and as long as the duration of the composition or the duration of the audio is long, whatever is shorter.

You can also import remote audio by passing a URL (`src="https://example.com/audio.mp3"`).

You can mix multiple tracks together by adding more audio tags.

## Cutting or trimming the audio

You can use the [`<Sequence />`](/docs/sequence) API to cut and trim audio.
As a convenience, the `<Audio />` tag supports the `startFrom` and `endAt` props.

```tsx twoslash {10-11}
import { Audio } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio
        src={audio}
        startFrom={59} // if your composition is 30fps, then it will start at 2s
        endAt={120} // if your composition is 30fps, then it will end at 4s
      />
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Delaying audio

Use a `<Sequence>` with a positive `from` attribute to delay the audio from playing.
In the following example, the audio will start playing (from the beginning) after 100 frames.

```tsx twoslash {8}
import { Audio, Sequence } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Sequence from={100}>
        <Audio src={audio} />
      </Sequence>
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Controlling volume

You can use the `volume` prop to control the volume.
**The simplest way is to pass a number between 0 and 1**. `1` is the maximum volume, values over 1 are allowed but will not increase the volume further. Volumes under 0 are not allowed.

```tsx twoslash {8}
import { Audio } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio src={audio} volume={0.5} />
    </div>
  );
};
```

You can also **change volume over time**, in this example we are using the [interpolate()](/docs/interpolate) function. Note that because values below 0 are not allowed, we need to set the `extrapolateLeft: 'clamp'` option to ensure no negative values.

```tsx twoslash {12-14}
import { Audio, interpolate, useCurrentFrame } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  const frame = useCurrentFrame();

  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio
        src={audio}
        volume={interpolate(frame, [0, 30], [0, 1], {
          extrapolateLeft: "clamp",
        })}
      />
    </div>
  );
};
```

You may also pass a **callback function** that returns the volume based an arbitrary frame number. This has the benefit that Remotion is able to **draw a volume curve in the timeline**!

```tsx twoslash {10-12}
import { Audio, interpolate } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio
        src={audio}
        volume={(f) =>
          interpolate(f, [0, 30], [0, 1], { extrapolateLeft: "clamp" })
        }
      />
    </div>
  );
};
```

Note that if you pass in a callback function, the first frame on which audio is being played is always the frame `0`.

:::note
When using the [`<Player>`](/docs/player), note that Mobile Safari [does not support the `volume` property](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/AudioVideo/Conceptual/Using_HTML5_Audio_Video/Device-SpecificConsiderations/Device-SpecificConsiderations.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40009523-CH5-SW11). The audio mix may not play as intended.
:::

## `muted` property

You may pass in the `muted` and it may change over time. When `muted` is true, audio will be omitted at that time. In the following example, we are muting the track between frame 40 and 60.

```tsx twoslash {10}
import { Audio, useCurrentFrame } from "remotion";
import audio from "./audio.mp3";

export const MyVideo = () => {
  const frame = useCurrentFrame();

  return (
    <div>
      <div>Hello World!</div>
      <Audio src={audio} muted={frame >= 40 && frame <= 60} />
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Use audio from `<Video />` tags

Audio from [`<Video />`](/docs/video) tags are also included in the output. You may also use the `volume` and `muted` props in the same way.

## Controlling playback speed

_Available from v2.2_

You can use the `playbackRate` prop to control the speed of the audio. `1` is the default and means regular speed, `0.5` slows down the audio so it's twice as long and `2` speeds up the audio so it's twice as fast.

While Remotion doesn't limit the range of possible playback speeds, in development mode the [`HTMLMediaElement.playbackRate`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/playbackRate) API is used which throws errors on extreme values. At the time of writing, Google Chrome throws an exception if the playback rate is below `0.0625` or above `16`.

## Audio visualization

You can obtain audio data and create visualizations based on it. See the page [Audio visualization](/docs/audio-visualization) for more info.

## Rendering audio only

Exporting as `mp3`, `aac` and `wav` is supported. To render only the audio, specify an extension when exporting via CLI:

```
npx remotion render src/index.tsx my-comp audio.mp3
```

To render audio using the Node.JS APIs, set the `codec` property to one of the supported audio codecs.

## See also

- [Importing assets](/docs/assets)
- [Audio visualization](/docs/audio-visualization)
- [`<Audio />`](/docs/audio) tag
