packages/docs/docs/video.md, before:

---
title: <Video>
id: video
---

This component allows you to include a video file in your Remotion project. It wraps the native [`HTMLVideoElement`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLVideoElement).

## API

[Put a video file into the `public/` folder](/docs/assets) and use [`staticFile()`](/docs/staticfile) to reference it.

All the props that the native `<video>` element accepts (except `autoplay` and `controls`) will be forwarded (but of course not all are useful for Remotion). This means you can use all CSS to style the video.

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video src={staticFile("video.webm")} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

You can load a video from an URL as well:

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, Video } from "remotion";
// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video src="http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4" />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `startFrom` / `endAt`

`<Video>` has two more helper props you can use:

- `startFrom` will remove a portion of the video at the beginning
- `endAt` will remove a portion of the video at the end

In the following example, we assume that the [`fps`](/docs/composition#fps) of the composition is `30`.

By passing `startFrom={60}`, the playback starts immediately, but with the first 2 seconds of the video trimmed away.  
By passing `endAt={120}`, any video after the 4 second mark in the file will be trimmed away.

The video will play the range from `00:02:00` to `00:04:00`, meaning the video will play for 2 seconds.

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video src={staticFile("video.webm")} startFrom={60} endAt={120} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `style`

You can pass any style you can pass to a native `<video>` element. This is how you set it's size for example:

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        src={staticFile("video.webm")}
        style={{ height: 720, width: 1280 }}
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `volume`

`<Video>` accepts a `volume` prop which allows you to control the volume for the whole track or change it on a per-frame basis. Refer to the [using audio](/docs/using-audio#controlling-volume) guide to learn how to use it.

```tsx twoslash title="Example using static volume"
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video volume={0.5} src={staticFile("video.webm")} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a fade in over 100 frames"
import { AbsoluteFill, interpolate, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        volume={(f) =>
          interpolate(f, [0, 100], [0, 1], { extrapolateLeft: "clamp" })
        }
        src={staticFile("video.webm")}
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `playbackRate`

_Available from v2.2_

You can use the `playbackRate` prop to control the speed of the video. `1` is the default and means regular speed, `0.5` slows down the video so it's twice as long and `2` speeds up the video so it's twice as fast.

While Remotion doesn't limit the range of possible playback speeds, in development mode the [`HTMLMediaElement.playbackRate`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/playbackRate) API is used which throws errors on extreme values. At the time of writing, Google Chrome throws an exception if the playback rate is below `0.0625` or above `16`.

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a video playing twice as fast"
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video playbackRate={2} src={staticFile("video.webm")} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `muted`

You can drop the audio of the video by adding a `muted` prop:

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a muted video"
import { AbsoluteFill, Video } from "remotion";
// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        muted
        src="http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4"
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `loop`

_Available from v3.2.29_

You can use the `loop` prop to loop a video.

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a looped video"
import { AbsoluteFill, Video } from "remotion";
// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        loop
        src="http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4"
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

Remotion will download the whole video during render in order to mix its audio. If the video contains a silent audio track, you can add the muted property to signal to Remotion that it does not need to download the video and make the render more efficient.

## Codec support

Pay attention to the codec of the video that you are importing. During the render process, Chrome needs to support playing the video that you are embedding. If Remotion cannot find a preinstalled version of Chrome, it will download a Chromium executable which does not support the playback of H264 (common codec for MP4 videos). To work around this problem, you have multiple options:

- Tell Remotion which path for Chrome to use by using the command line flag `--browser-executable` or [configure](/docs/config#setbrowserexecutable) `Config.Puppeteer.setBrowserExecutable()` in a config file.
- Convert your videos to WebM before embedding them.

Prior to Remotion 1.5, Remotion will always use an internal Puppeteer binary and MP4 videos are therefore not supported.

If you would like Remotion to warn you when you import an MP4 video, you can turn on the `@remotion/no-mp4-import` ESLint rule.

## Alternative: `<OffthreadVideo>`

[`<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/offthreadvideo) is a drop-in alternative to `<Video>`. To decide which tag to use, see: [`<Video>` vs `<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/video-vs-offthreadvideo)

## See also

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/core/src/video/Video.tsx)
- [`<Audio />`](/docs/audio)
- [`<OffthreadVideo />`](/docs/offthreadvideo)
- [`<Video>` vs `<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/video-vs-offthreadvideo)

Commit message:

allow to customize the acceptable time shift before a video triggers a seek

packages/docs/docs/video.md, after:

---
title: <Video>
id: video
---

This component allows you to include a video file in your Remotion project. It wraps the native [`HTMLVideoElement`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLVideoElement).

## API

[Put a video file into the `public/` folder](/docs/assets) and use [`staticFile()`](/docs/staticfile) to reference it.

All the props that the native `<video>` element accepts (except `autoplay` and `controls`) will be forwarded (but of course not all are useful for Remotion). This means you can use all CSS to style the video.

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video src={staticFile("video.webm")} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

You can load a video from an URL as well:

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, Video } from "remotion";
// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video src="http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4" />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `startFrom` / `endAt`

`<Video>` has two more helper props you can use:

- `startFrom` will remove a portion of the video at the beginning
- `endAt` will remove a portion of the video at the end

In the following example, we assume that the [`fps`](/docs/composition#fps) of the composition is `30`.

By passing `startFrom={60}`, the playback starts immediately, but with the first 2 seconds of the video trimmed away.  
By passing `endAt={120}`, any video after the 4 second mark in the file will be trimmed away.

The video will play the range from `00:02:00` to `00:04:00`, meaning the video will play for 2 seconds.

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video src={staticFile("video.webm")} startFrom={60} endAt={120} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `style`

You can pass any style you can pass to a native `<video>` element. This is how you set it's size for example:

```tsx twoslash
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        src={staticFile("video.webm")}
        style={{ height: 720, width: 1280 }}
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `volume`

`<Video>` accepts a `volume` prop which allows you to control the volume for the whole track or change it on a per-frame basis. Refer to the [using audio](/docs/using-audio#controlling-volume) guide to learn how to use it.

```tsx twoslash title="Example using static volume"
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video volume={0.5} src={staticFile("video.webm")} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a fade in over 100 frames"
import { AbsoluteFill, interpolate, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        volume={(f) =>
          interpolate(f, [0, 100], [0, 1], { extrapolateLeft: "clamp" })
        }
        src={staticFile("video.webm")}
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `playbackRate`

_Available from v2.2_

You can use the `playbackRate` prop to control the speed of the video. `1` is the default and means regular speed, `0.5` slows down the video so it's twice as long and `2` speeds up the video so it's twice as fast.

While Remotion doesn't limit the range of possible playback speeds, in development mode the [`HTMLMediaElement.playbackRate`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/playbackRate) API is used which throws errors on extreme values. At the time of writing, Google Chrome throws an exception if the playback rate is below `0.0625` or above `16`.

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a video playing twice as fast"
import { AbsoluteFill, staticFile, Video } from "remotion";

// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video playbackRate={2} src={staticFile("video.webm")} />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `muted`

You can drop the audio of the video by adding a `muted` prop:

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a muted video"
import { AbsoluteFill, Video } from "remotion";
// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        muted
        src="http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4"
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

### `loop`

_Available from v3.2.29_

You can use the `loop` prop to loop a video.

```tsx twoslash title="Example of a looped video"
import { AbsoluteFill, Video } from "remotion";
// ---cut---
export const MyComposition = () => {
  return (
    <AbsoluteFill>
      <Video
        loop
        src="http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4"
      />
    </AbsoluteFill>
  );
};
```

## `acceptableTimeShiftInSeconds`

_Available from v3.2.41_

During [Preview](/docs/terminology#remotion-preview) or in the [Remotion Player](/docs/player), Remotion will seek the video if it gets too much out of sync with Remotion's internal time - be it due to the video loading or the page being too slow to keep up in real-time. By default, a seek is triggered if `0.45` seconds of time shift is encountered. Using this prop, you can customize the threshold.

## Speed up renders for video with silent audio

Remotion will download the whole video during render in order to mix its audio. If the video contains a silent audio track, you can add the muted property to signal to Remotion that it does not need to download the video and make the render more efficient.

## Codec support

Pay attention to the codec of the video that you are importing. During the render process, Chrome needs to support playing the video that you are embedding. If Remotion cannot find a preinstalled version of Chrome, it will download a Chromium executable which does not support the playback of H264 (common codec for MP4 videos). To work around this problem, you have multiple options:

- Tell Remotion which path for Chrome to use by using the command line flag `--browser-executable` or [configure](/docs/config#setbrowserexecutable) `Config.Puppeteer.setBrowserExecutable()` in a config file.
- Convert your videos to WebM before embedding them.

Prior to Remotion 1.5, Remotion will always use an internal Puppeteer binary and MP4 videos are therefore not supported.

If you would like Remotion to warn you when you import an MP4 video, you can turn on the `@remotion/no-mp4-import` ESLint rule.

## Alternative: `<OffthreadVideo>`

[`<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/offthreadvideo) is a drop-in alternative to `<Video>`. To decide which tag to use, see: [`<Video>` vs `<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/video-vs-offthreadvideo)

## See also

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/core/src/video/Video.tsx)
- [`<Audio />`](/docs/audio)
- [`<OffthreadVideo />`](/docs/offthreadvideo)
- [`<Video>` vs `<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/video-vs-offthreadvideo)
