packages/docs/docs/renderer/render-media.md, before:

---
id: render-media
title: renderMedia()
---

_Available since v3.0 - Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package._

Render a video or an audio programmatically.

## Example

See an example of `renderMedia()` together with [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) and [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) on the [server-side rendering page](/docs/ssr#render-a-video-using-nodejs-apis).

## Arguments

An object with the following properties:

### `serveUrl`

_string_

Either a local path pointing to a Remotion Webpack bundle generated by [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) or a URL where the bundle is hosted.

### `outputLocation`

_string - optional since v3.0.26_

Where to save the output artifact to. Either an absolute path or a relative path that will be resolved relative to the current working directory. Must be a file path (not a folder).

If not specified or set to `null`, the file will be returned in-memory as a buffer.

### `composition`

_TCompMetadata_

An object describing a composition using `id`, `width`, `height`, `fps` and `durationInFrames`. Call [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) to get an array of possible configs.

### `codec`

_"h264" (default) | "h265" | "vp8" | "vp9" | "mp3" | "aac" | "wav" | "prores" | "h264-mkv" | "gif"_

Choose a suitable codec for your output media. Refer to the [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding) to find the best codec for your use case.

### `inputProps`

_object - optional_

An object of arbitrary shape that will be passed as [props to your composition](/docs/parametrized-rendering) and that can be retrieved using [`getInputProps()`](/docs/get-input-props).

### `parallelism`

_number | null - optional_

How many threads should be used for rendering frames. By default `null`, which will use half of the threads that your CPU has.  
Type `node -e "console.log(require('os').cpus().length)"` into your command line to find out how many threads your CPU has.

### `crf`

_number | null - optional_

The constant rate factor, controlling the quality. See: [Controlling quality using the CRF setting.](/docs/encoding/#controlling-quality-using-the-crf-setting)

### `imageFormat`

_"jpeg" (default) | "png" | "none" - optional_

In which image format the frames should be rendered.

- `jpeg` is the default and is fastest
- `png` if you want to [render transparent videos](/docs/transparent-videos/)
- `none` if you are rendering audio

### `ffmpegExecutable`

_string - optional_

An absolute path overriding the `ffmpeg` executable to use.

### `ffprobeExecutable?`

_optional, available from v3.0.17_

An absolute path overriding the `ffprobe` executable to use.

### `browserExecutable?`

_optional, available from v3.0.11_

A string defining the absolute path on disk of the browser executable that should be used. By default Remotion will try to detect it automatically and download one if none is available. If `puppeteerInstance` is defined, it will take precedence over `browserExecutable`.

### `everyNthFrame?`

_optional, available from v3.1_

Renders only every nth frame. For example only every second frame, every third frame and so on. Only works for rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif)

### `numberOfGifLoops?`

_optional, available since v3.1_

[Set the looping behavior.](/docs/config#setnumberofgifloops) This option may only be set when rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif#changing-the-number-of-loops)

### `pixelFormat`

_string - optional_

[A custom pixel format to use.](/docs/transparent-videos/) Usually used for special use cases like transparent videos.

### `envVariables`

`Record<string, string> - optional`

An object containing environment variables to be injected in your project.

See: [Environment variables](/docs/env-variables/)

### `quality`

_number - optional_

Sets the quality of the generated JPEG images. Must be an integer between 0 and 100. Default is to leave it up to the browser, [current default is 80](https://github.com/chromium/chromium/blob/99314be8152e688bafbbf9a615536bdbb289ea87/headless/lib/browser/protocol/headless_handler.cc#L32).

Only applies if `imageFormat` is `'jpeg'`, otherwise this option is invalid.

### `frameRange`

_number | [number, number] - optional_

Specify a single frame (passing a `number`) or a range of frames (passing a tuple `[number, number]`) to be rendered. By passing `null` (default) all frames of a composition get rendered.

### `muted`

_boolean - optional - available since v3.2.1_

If set to true, no audio is being rendered.

### `enforceAudioTrack`

_boolean - optional - available since v3.2.1_

Render a silent audio track if there wouldn't be any otherwise.

### `puppeteerInstance`

_puppeteer.Browser - optional_

An already open Puppeteer [`Browser`](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=main&show=api-class-browser) instance. Use [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser) to create a new instance. Reusing a browser across multiple function calls can speed up the rendering process. You are responsible for opening and closing the browser yourself. If you don't specify this option, a new browser will be opened and closed at the end.

### `scale`

_optional_

Scales the output dimensions by a factor. See [Scaling](/docs/scaling) to learn more about this feature.

### `overwrite`

_boolean - optional_

If set to false, the output file will not be written if a file already exists.

### `onStart`

_function_ - optional

Callback function that gets called once the renderer has prepared to start rendering and has calculated the amount of frames that are going to be rendered:

```tsx twoslash
import { OnStartData } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onStart = ({ frameCount }: OnStartData) => {
  console.log(`Beginning to render ${frameCount}.`);
};
```

### `onProgress`

_function - optional_

React to render progress. The following callback function is similar to how Remotion displays render progress on it's CLI:

```tsx twoslash
import { RenderMediaOnProgress } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onProgress: RenderMediaOnProgress = ({
  renderedFrames,
  encodedFrames,
  encodedDoneIn,
  renderedDoneIn,
  stitchStage,
  progress,
}) => {
  console.log(`Rendering is ${progress * 100}% complete`);

  if (stitchStage === "encoding") {
    // First pass, parallel rendering of frames and encoding into video
    console.log("Encoding...");
  } else if (stitchStage === "muxing") {
    // Second pass, adding audio to the video
    console.log("Muxing audio...");
  }
  // Amount of frames rendered into images
  console.log(`${renderedFrames} rendered`);
  // Amount of frame encoded into a video
  console.log(`${encodedFrames} encoded`);
  // Time to create images of all frames
  if (renderedDoneIn !== null) {
    console.log(`Rendered in ${renderedDoneIn}ms`);
  }
  // Time to encode video from images
  if (encodedDoneIn !== null) {
    console.log(`Encoded in ${encodedDoneIn}ms`);
  }
};
```

:::note
The `progress` attribute is available from v3.2.17
:::

### `onDownload`

_function - optional_

If an audio (or a video with sound) is included in your project, Remotion needs to download it in order to use it's audio in the output file. You can use this callback to react to a download happening and progressing.

```tsx twoslash
import { RenderMediaOnDownload } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onDownload: RenderMediaOnDownload = (src) => {
  console.log(`Downloading ${src}...`);
  return ({ percent, downloaded, totalSize }) => {
    // percent and totalSize can be `null` if the downloaded resource
    // does not have a `Content-Length` header
    if (percent === null) {
      console.log(`${downloaded} bytes downloaded`);
    } else {
      console.log(`${Math.round(percent * 100)}% done)`);
    }
  };
};
```

### `proResProfile`

_string - optional_

Sets a ProRes profile. Only applies to videos rendered with `prores` codec. See [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding/#controlling-quality-using-prores-profile) for possible options.

### `dumpBrowserLogs`

_boolean - optional_

If true, will print browser console output to standard output.

### `onBrowserLog`

_function - optional_

Catch a console message being printed. Example:

```tsx twoslash
import { BrowserLog } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onBrowserLog = (log: BrowserLog) => {
  // `type` is the console.* method: `log`, `warn`, `error`, etc.
  console.log(`[${log.type}]`);
  console.log(log.text);
  console.log(`at ${log.stackTrace}`);
};
```

### `timeoutInMilliseconds?`

_optional_

A number describing how long the render may take to resolve all `delayRender()` calls before it times out. Default: `30000`

### `cancelSignal?`

_optional, available from v3.0.15_

A token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)

### `verbose`

_optional, available from v3.1.6_

Prints debugging output if set to true.

### `chromiumOptions?`

_optional, available from v2.6.5_

Allows you to set certain Chromium / Google Chrome flags. See: [Chromium flags](/docs/chromium-flags).

:::note
Chromium flags need to be set at browser launch. If you pass an instance using [`puppeteerInstance`](#puppeteerinstance), options passed to `renderMedia()` will not apply, but rather the flags that have been passed to [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser).
:::

#### `disableWebSecurity`

_boolean - default `false`_

This will most notably disable CORS among other security features.

#### `ignoreCertificateErrors`

_boolean - default `false`_

Results in invalid SSL certificates, such as self-signed ones, being ignored.

#### `headless`

_boolean - default `true`_

If disabled, the render will open an actual Chrome window where you can see the render happen.

#### `gl`

_string_

Select the OpenGL renderer backend for Chromium.
Accepted values:

- `"angle"`,
- `"egl"`,
- `"swiftshader"`
- `"swangle"`
- `null` - Chromium's default

**Default for local rendering**: `null`.  
**Default for Lambda rendering**: `"swangle"`.

## See also

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/render-media.ts)
- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [getCompositions()](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)
- [renderStill()](/docs/renderer/stitch-frames-to-video)
- [renderMediaOnLambda()](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda)

Commit message:

Rename parallelism parameters to concurrency
Former-commit-id: ed0168c1d04d7864118ae6169a713cd98864b1e0

packages/docs/docs/renderer/render-media.md, after:

---
id: render-media
title: renderMedia()
---

_Available since v3.0 - Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package._

Render a video or an audio programmatically.

## Example

See an example of `renderMedia()` together with [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) and [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) on the [server-side rendering page](/docs/ssr#render-a-video-using-nodejs-apis).

## Arguments

An object with the following properties:

### `serveUrl`

_string_

Either a local path pointing to a Remotion Webpack bundle generated by [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) or a URL where the bundle is hosted.

### `outputLocation`

_string - optional since v3.0.26_

Where to save the output artifact to. Either an absolute path or a relative path that will be resolved relative to the current working directory. Must be a file path (not a folder).

If not specified or set to `null`, the file will be returned in-memory as a buffer.

### `composition`

_TCompMetadata_

An object describing a composition using `id`, `width`, `height`, `fps` and `durationInFrames`. Call [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) to get an array of possible configs.

### `codec`

_"h264" (default) | "h265" | "vp8" | "vp9" | "mp3" | "aac" | "wav" | "prores" | "h264-mkv" | "gif"_

Choose a suitable codec for your output media. Refer to the [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding) to find the best codec for your use case.

### `inputProps`

_object - optional_

An object of arbitrary shape that will be passed as [props to your composition](/docs/parametrized-rendering) and that can be retrieved using [`getInputProps()`](/docs/get-input-props).

### `concurrency?`

_optional_

A `number` specifying how many render processes should be started in parallel or `null` to let Remotion decide based on the CPU of the host machine. Default is half of the CPU threads available.

### ~~`parallelism?`~~

Renamed to `concurrency` in v3.2.17.

### `crf`

_number | null - optional_

The constant rate factor, controlling the quality. See: [Controlling quality using the CRF setting.](/docs/encoding/#controlling-quality-using-the-crf-setting)

### `imageFormat`

_"jpeg" (default) | "png" | "none" - optional_

In which image format the frames should be rendered.

- `jpeg` is the default and is fastest
- `png` if you want to [render transparent videos](/docs/transparent-videos/)
- `none` if you are rendering audio

### `ffmpegExecutable`

_string - optional_

An absolute path overriding the `ffmpeg` executable to use.

### `ffprobeExecutable?`

_optional, available from v3.0.17_

An absolute path overriding the `ffprobe` executable to use.

### `browserExecutable?`

_optional, available from v3.0.11_

A string defining the absolute path on disk of the browser executable that should be used. By default Remotion will try to detect it automatically and download one if none is available. If `puppeteerInstance` is defined, it will take precedence over `browserExecutable`.

### `everyNthFrame?`

_optional, available from v3.1_

Renders only every nth frame. For example only every second frame, every third frame and so on. Only works for rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif)

### `numberOfGifLoops?`

_optional, available since v3.1_

[Set the looping behavior.](/docs/config#setnumberofgifloops) This option may only be set when rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif#changing-the-number-of-loops)

### `pixelFormat`

_string - optional_

[A custom pixel format to use.](/docs/transparent-videos/) Usually used for special use cases like transparent videos.

### `envVariables`

`Record<string, string> - optional`

An object containing environment variables to be injected in your project.

See: [Environment variables](/docs/env-variables/)

### `quality`

_number - optional_

Sets the quality of the generated JPEG images. Must be an integer between 0 and 100. Default is to leave it up to the browser, [current default is 80](https://github.com/chromium/chromium/blob/99314be8152e688bafbbf9a615536bdbb289ea87/headless/lib/browser/protocol/headless_handler.cc#L32).

Only applies if `imageFormat` is `'jpeg'`, otherwise this option is invalid.

### `frameRange`

_number | [number, number] - optional_

Specify a single frame (passing a `number`) or a range of frames (passing a tuple `[number, number]`) to be rendered. By passing `null` (default) all frames of a composition get rendered.

### `muted`

_boolean - optional - available since v3.2.1_

If set to true, no audio is being rendered.

### `enforceAudioTrack`

_boolean - optional - available since v3.2.1_

Render a silent audio track if there wouldn't be any otherwise.

### `puppeteerInstance`

_puppeteer.Browser - optional_

An already open Puppeteer [`Browser`](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=main&show=api-class-browser) instance. Use [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser) to create a new instance. Reusing a browser across multiple function calls can speed up the rendering process. You are responsible for opening and closing the browser yourself. If you don't specify this option, a new browser will be opened and closed at the end.

### `scale`

_optional_

Scales the output dimensions by a factor. See [Scaling](/docs/scaling) to learn more about this feature.

### `overwrite`

_boolean - optional_

If set to false, the output file will not be written if a file already exists.

### `onStart`

_function_ - optional

Callback function that gets called once the renderer has prepared to start rendering and has calculated the amount of frames that are going to be rendered:

```tsx twoslash
import { OnStartData } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onStart = ({ frameCount }: OnStartData) => {
  console.log(`Beginning to render ${frameCount}.`);
};
```

### `onProgress`

_function - optional_

React to render progress. The following callback function is similar to how Remotion displays render progress on it's CLI:

```tsx twoslash
import { RenderMediaOnProgress } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onProgress: RenderMediaOnProgress = ({
  renderedFrames,
  encodedFrames,
  encodedDoneIn,
  renderedDoneIn,
  stitchStage,
  progress,
}) => {
  console.log(`Rendering is ${progress * 100}% complete`);

  if (stitchStage === "encoding") {
    // First pass, parallel rendering of frames and encoding into video
    console.log("Encoding...");
  } else if (stitchStage === "muxing") {
    // Second pass, adding audio to the video
    console.log("Muxing audio...");
  }
  // Amount of frames rendered into images
  console.log(`${renderedFrames} rendered`);
  // Amount of frame encoded into a video
  console.log(`${encodedFrames} encoded`);
  // Time to create images of all frames
  if (renderedDoneIn !== null) {
    console.log(`Rendered in ${renderedDoneIn}ms`);
  }
  // Time to encode video from images
  if (encodedDoneIn !== null) {
    console.log(`Encoded in ${encodedDoneIn}ms`);
  }
};
```

:::note
The `progress` attribute is available from v3.2.17
:::

### `onDownload`

_function - optional_

If an audio (or a video with sound) is included in your project, Remotion needs to download it in order to use it's audio in the output file. You can use this callback to react to a download happening and progressing.

```tsx twoslash
import { RenderMediaOnDownload } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onDownload: RenderMediaOnDownload = (src) => {
  console.log(`Downloading ${src}...`);
  return ({ percent, downloaded, totalSize }) => {
    // percent and totalSize can be `null` if the downloaded resource
    // does not have a `Content-Length` header
    if (percent === null) {
      console.log(`${downloaded} bytes downloaded`);
    } else {
      console.log(`${Math.round(percent * 100)}% done)`);
    }
  };
};
```

### `proResProfile`

_string - optional_

Sets a ProRes profile. Only applies to videos rendered with `prores` codec. See [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding/#controlling-quality-using-prores-profile) for possible options.

### `dumpBrowserLogs`

_boolean - optional_

If true, will print browser console output to standard output.

### `onBrowserLog`

_function - optional_

Catch a console message being printed. Example:

```tsx twoslash
import { BrowserLog } from "@remotion/renderer";

const onBrowserLog = (log: BrowserLog) => {
  // `type` is the console.* method: `log`, `warn`, `error`, etc.
  console.log(`[${log.type}]`);
  console.log(log.text);
  console.log(`at ${log.stackTrace}`);
};
```

### `timeoutInMilliseconds?`

_optional_

A number describing how long the render may take to resolve all `delayRender()` calls before it times out. Default: `30000`

### `cancelSignal?`

_optional, available from v3.0.15_

A token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)

### `verbose`

_optional, available from v3.1.6_

Prints debugging output if set to true.

### `chromiumOptions?`

_optional, available from v2.6.5_

Allows you to set certain Chromium / Google Chrome flags. See: [Chromium flags](/docs/chromium-flags).

:::note
Chromium flags need to be set at browser launch. If you pass an instance using [`puppeteerInstance`](#puppeteerinstance), options passed to `renderMedia()` will not apply, but rather the flags that have been passed to [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser).
:::

#### `disableWebSecurity`

_boolean - default `false`_

This will most notably disable CORS among other security features.

#### `ignoreCertificateErrors`

_boolean - default `false`_

Results in invalid SSL certificates, such as self-signed ones, being ignored.

#### `headless`

_boolean - default `true`_

If disabled, the render will open an actual Chrome window where you can see the render happen.

#### `gl`

_string_

Select the OpenGL renderer backend for Chromium.
Accepted values:

- `"angle"`,
- `"egl"`,
- `"swiftshader"`
- `"swangle"`
- `null` - Chromium's default

**Default for local rendering**: `null`.  
**Default for Lambda rendering**: `"swangle"`.

## See also

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/render-media.ts)
- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [getCompositions()](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)
- [renderStill()](/docs/renderer/stitch-frames-to-video)
- [renderMediaOnLambda()](/docs/lambda/rendermediaonlambda)
