packages/docs/docs/renderer/render-still.md, before:

---
id: render-still
title: renderStill()
---

import {AngleChangelog} from '../../components/AngleChangelog';

_Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package. Available from v2.3._

Renders a single frame to an image and writes it to the specified output location.

If you want to render a video, use [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media) instead.

## Example usage

You first need to bundle the project and fetch the compositions. Read [the code snippet on the site for server-side rendering](/docs/ssr/#render-a-video-programmatically) for an example how to come up with the `bundleLocation` and `composition` variables.

```ts twoslash
// @module: ESNext
// @target: ESNext
import { bundle } from "@remotion/bundler";
import { getCompositions, renderStill } from "@remotion/renderer";

// The composition you want to render
const compositionId = "HelloWorld";

const bundleLocation = await bundle({
  entryPoint: require.resolve("./src/index"),
});

const comps = await getCompositions(bundleLocation, {
  inputProps: {
    custom: "data",
  },
});
const composition = comps.find((c) => c.id === compositionId);

if (!composition) {
  throw new Error(`No composition with the ID ${compositionId} found`);
}

// ---cut---

await renderStill({
  composition,
  serveUrl: bundleLocation,
  output: "/tmp/still.png",
  inputProps: {
    custom: "data",
  },
});
```

## Arguments

Takes an object with the following properties:

### `composition`

A video composition object, consisting of `id`, `height`, `width`, `durationInFrames` and `fps`. Use [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) to get a list of available video configs.

### `serveUrl`

Either a local path pointing to a Remotion Webpack bundle generated by [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) or a URL where the bundle is hosted.

### `output`

An absolute path to where the frame should be rendered to.

### `inputProps?`

_optional_

[Custom props which will be passed to the component.](/docs/parametrized-rendering) Useful for rendering videos with dynamic content. Can be an object of any shape.

### `frame?`

_optional - default: 0_

Which frame should be rendered based on its number.

### `imageFormat?`

_optional - default: "png"_

Which output format the image should have, either `png` or `jpeg`.

### `scale?`

_optional_

Scales the output dimensions by a factor. See [Scaling](/docs/scaling) to learn more about this feature.

### `quality?`

_optional - default: `undefined`_

Sets the JPEG quality - must be an integer between 0 and 100 and can only be passed if `imageFormat` is set to `jpeg`.

### `puppeteerInstance?`

_optional - default `null`_

An already open Puppeteer [`Browser`](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=main&show=api-class-browser) instance. Reusing a browser across multiple function calls can speed up the rendering process. You are responsible for opening and closing the browser yourself. If you don't specify this option, a new browser will be opened and closed at the end.

### `envVariables?`

_optional - default `{}`_

An object containing key-value pairs of environment variables which will be injected into your Remotion project and which can be accessed by reading the global `process.env` object.

### `dumpBrowserLogs?`

_optional - default `false`_

A boolean value deciding whether Puppeteer logs should be printed to the console, useful for debugging only.

### `overwrite?`

_optional - default `true`_

Whether the file should be overwritten if the output already exists.

### `browserExecutable?`

_optional, available from v2.3.1_

A string defining the absolute path on disk of the browser executable that should be used. By default Remotion will try to detect it automatically and download one if none is available.

### `timeoutInMilliseconds?`

_optional, available from v2.6.3_

A number describing how long the render may take to resolve all [`delayRender()`](/docs/delay-render) calls [before it times out](/docs/timeout). Default: `30000`

### `cancelSignal?`

_optional, available from v3.0.15_

A token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)

### `chromiumOptions?`

_optional, available from v2.6.5_

Allows you to set certain Chromium / Google Chrome flags. See: [Chromium flags](/docs/chromium-flags).

:::note
Chromium flags need to be set at browser launch. If you pass an instance using [`puppeteerInstance`](#puppeteerinstance), options passed to `renderStill()` will not apply, but rather the flags that have been passed to [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser).
:::

#### `disableWebSecurity`

_boolean - default `false`_

This will most notably disable CORS among other security features.

#### `ignoreCertificateErrors`

_boolean - default `false`_

Results in invalid SSL certificates, such as self-signed ones, being ignored.

#### `headless`

_boolean - default `true`_

If disabled, the render will open an actual Chrome window where you can see the render happen.

#### `gl`

_string_

<AngleChangelog />

Select the OpenGL renderer backend for Chromium.
Accepted values:

- `"angle"`,
- `"egl"`,
- `"swiftshader"`
- `"swangle"`
- `null` - Chromiums default

Default: `null`.  
**Default for Lambda rendering**: `"swangle"`.

## Return value

A promise with no value. If the render succeeded, the still has been saved to `output`. If the render failed, the promise rejects.

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/render-still.ts)
- [bundle()](/docs/bundle)
- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [getCompositions()](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)
- [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media)
- [renderStillOnLambda()](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda)

Commit message:

feat(render-still): handle negativ frame index
Close #1283

packages/docs/docs/renderer/render-still.md, after:

---
id: render-still
title: renderStill()
---

import {AngleChangelog} from '../../components/AngleChangelog';

_Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package. Available from v2.3._

Renders a single frame to an image and writes it to the specified output location.

If you want to render a video, use [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media) instead.

## Example usage

You first need to bundle the project and fetch the compositions. Read [the code snippet on the site for server-side rendering](/docs/ssr/#render-a-video-programmatically) for an example how to come up with the `bundleLocation` and `composition` variables.

```ts twoslash
// @module: ESNext
// @target: ESNext
import { bundle } from "@remotion/bundler";
import { getCompositions, renderStill } from "@remotion/renderer";

// The composition you want to render
const compositionId = "HelloWorld";

const bundleLocation = await bundle({
  entryPoint: require.resolve("./src/index"),
});

const comps = await getCompositions(bundleLocation, {
  inputProps: {
    custom: "data",
  },
});
const composition = comps.find((c) => c.id === compositionId);

if (!composition) {
  throw new Error(`No composition with the ID ${compositionId} found`);
}

// ---cut---

await renderStill({
  composition,
  serveUrl: bundleLocation,
  output: "/tmp/still.png",
  inputProps: {
    custom: "data",
  },
});
```

## Arguments

Takes an object with the following properties:

### `composition`

A video composition object, consisting of `id`, `height`, `width`, `durationInFrames` and `fps`. Use [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) to get a list of available video configs.

### `serveUrl`

Either a local path pointing to a Remotion Webpack bundle generated by [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) or a URL where the bundle is hosted.

### `output`

An absolute path to where the frame should be rendered to.

### `inputProps?`

_optional_

[Custom props which will be passed to the component.](/docs/parametrized-rendering) Useful for rendering videos with dynamic content. Can be an object of any shape.

### `frame?`

_optional - default: 0_

Which frame should be rendered based on its number.
For a composition of 100 frames, could between -100 and 99.
In this case:
- 0 would mean the first frame
- 99 the last frame
- -1 would mean the last frame
- -100 would mean the first frame

### `imageFormat?`

_optional - default: "png"_

Which output format the image should have, either `png` or `jpeg`.

### `scale?`

_optional_

Scales the output dimensions by a factor. See [Scaling](/docs/scaling) to learn more about this feature.

### `quality?`

_optional - default: `undefined`_

Sets the JPEG quality - must be an integer between 0 and 100 and can only be passed if `imageFormat` is set to `jpeg`.

### `puppeteerInstance?`

_optional - default `null`_

An already open Puppeteer [`Browser`](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=main&show=api-class-browser) instance. Reusing a browser across multiple function calls can speed up the rendering process. You are responsible for opening and closing the browser yourself. If you don't specify this option, a new browser will be opened and closed at the end.

### `envVariables?`

_optional - default `{}`_

An object containing key-value pairs of environment variables which will be injected into your Remotion project and which can be accessed by reading the global `process.env` object.

### `dumpBrowserLogs?`

_optional - default `false`_

A boolean value deciding whether Puppeteer logs should be printed to the console, useful for debugging only.

### `overwrite?`

_optional - default `true`_

Whether the file should be overwritten if the output already exists.

### `browserExecutable?`

_optional, available from v2.3.1_

A string defining the absolute path on disk of the browser executable that should be used. By default Remotion will try to detect it automatically and download one if none is available.

### `timeoutInMilliseconds?`

_optional, available from v2.6.3_

A number describing how long the render may take to resolve all [`delayRender()`](/docs/delay-render) calls [before it times out](/docs/timeout). Default: `30000`

### `cancelSignal?`

_optional, available from v3.0.15_

A token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)

### `chromiumOptions?`

_optional, available from v2.6.5_

Allows you to set certain Chromium / Google Chrome flags. See: [Chromium flags](/docs/chromium-flags).

:::note
Chromium flags need to be set at browser launch. If you pass an instance using [`puppeteerInstance`](#puppeteerinstance), options passed to `renderStill()` will not apply, but rather the flags that have been passed to [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser).
:::

#### `disableWebSecurity`

_boolean - default `false`_

This will most notably disable CORS among other security features.

#### `ignoreCertificateErrors`

_boolean - default `false`_

Results in invalid SSL certificates, such as self-signed ones, being ignored.

#### `headless`

_boolean - default `true`_

If disabled, the render will open an actual Chrome window where you can see the render happen.

#### `gl`

_string_

<AngleChangelog />

Select the OpenGL renderer backend for Chromium.
Accepted values:

- `"angle"`,
- `"egl"`,
- `"swiftshader"`
- `"swangle"`
- `null` - Chromiums default

Default: `null`.  
**Default for Lambda rendering**: `"swangle"`.

## Return value

A promise with no value. If the render succeeded, the still has been saved to `output`. If the render failed, the promise rejects.

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/render-still.ts)
- [bundle()](/docs/bundle)
- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [getCompositions()](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)
- [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media)
- [renderStillOnLambda()](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda)
