---
image: /generated/articles-docs-renderer-stitch-frames-to-video.png
id: stitch-frames-to-video
title: stitchFramesToVideo()
crumb: "@remotion/renderer"
---

_Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package._

Takes a series of images and audio information generated by [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames) and encodes it to a video.

:::info
In Remotion 3.0, we added the [`renderMedia()`](/docs/renderer/render-media) API which combines `renderFrames()` and `stitchFramesToVideo()` into one simplified step and performs the render faster. Prefer `renderMedia()` if you can.
:::

## Arguments

An object with the following properties:

### `dir`

A `string` containing the absolute path of the directory where the frames are located. This will be the directory where the `ffmpeg` command will be executed.

### `fps`

A `number` specifying the desired frame rate of the output video.

### `width`

A `number` specifying the desired output width in pixels for the video.

### `height`

A `number` specifying the desired output height in pixels for the video.

### `assetsInfo`

Information about the audio mix. This is part of the return value of [renderFrames()](/docs/renderer/render-frames#return-value).

### `outputLocation?`

_optional since v3.0.26_

An absolute path specify where the output file should be written to.

If not specified or set to `null`, the file will be returned in-memory as a buffer.

### `force?`

_optional_

Whether Remotion should overwrite the file in `outputLocation` if it already exists. `true` by default.

### `pixelFormat?`

_optional_

Sets the pixel format. See [here](/docs/config#setpixelformat) for available values. The default is `yuv420p`.

### `codec?`

_optional_

Set a codec. See the [encoding guide](/docs/encoding) for available values and guidance on which one to choose. The default is `h264`.

### `audioCodec?`

_"pcm-16" | "aac" | "mp3" | "opus", available from v3.3.41_

Choose the encoding of your audio.

- The default is dependent on the chosen `codec`.
- Choose `pcm-16` if you need uncompressed audio.
- Not all video containers support all audio codecs.
- This option takes precedence if the `codec` option also specifies an audio codec.

Refer to the [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding/#audio-codec) to see defaults and supported combinations.

### `audioBitrate?`<AvailableFrom v="3.2.32" />

_string - optional_

Specify the target bitrate for the generated video.  
The syntax for FFMPEGs `-b:a` parameter should be used.  
FFMPEG may encode the video in a way that will not result in the exact audio bitrate specified.  
This option cannot be set if `--crf` is set.
Example values: `512K` for 512 kbps, `1M` for 1 Mbps.  
Default: `320k`

### `videoBitrate?`<AvailableFrom v="3.2.32" />

_string - optional_

Specify the target bitrate for the generated video.  
The syntax for FFMPEGs `-b:v` parameter should be used.  
FFMPEG may encode the video in a way that will not result in the exact video bitrate specified.  
This option cannot be set if `--crf` is set.
Example values: `512K` for 512 kbps, `1M` for 1 Mbps.

### `crf?`

_optional_

The constant rate factor of the output, a parameter which controls quality. See [here](/docs/config#setcrf) for more information about this parameter. Default is depending on the codec.

### `proResProfile?`

_optional_

Sets a ProRes profile. Only applies to videos rendered with `prores` codec. See [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding/#controlling-quality-using-prores-profile) for possible options.

### `onProgress?`

_optional_

Callback function which informs about the encoding progress. The `frameNumber` value is a `number`.

```ts twoslash
const onProgress = (frameNumber: number) => {
  console.log(`Encoding progress: on ${frameNumber} frame`);
};
```

### `onDownload?`

_optional_

Notifies when a remote asset needs to be downloaded in order to extract the audio track.

```ts twoslash
const onDownload = (src: string) => {
  console.log(`Downloading ${src}...`);
};
```

### `numberOfGifLoops?`<AvailableFrom v="3.1.0" />

_optional_

Set the looping behavior. This option may only be set when rendering GIFs. [See here for more details.](/docs/render-as-gif#changing-the-number-of-loops)

### `muted?`<AvailableFrom v="3.2.1" />

_optional_

Disables audio output. This option may only be set in combination with a video codec and should also be passed to [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames).

### `verbose?`

_optional_

A boolean value that when set to `true`, will log all kinds of debug information. Default `false`.

### `cancelSignal?`<AvailableFrom v="3.0.15" />

_optional_

A token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)

### `ffmpegOverride?`<AvailableFrom v="3.2.22" />

_function - optional_

Modifies the FFMPEG command that Remotion uses under the hood. It works reducer-style, meaning that you pass a function that takes a command as an argument and returns a new command.

```tsx twoslash
import type { FfmpegOverrideFn } from "@remotion/renderer";

const ffmpegOverride: FfmpegOverrideFn = ({ type, args }) => {
  console.log(type); // "stitcher" | "pre-stitcher
  return [...args, "-vf", "eq=brightness=0:saturation=1"];
};
```

The function you pass must accept an object as it's only parameter which contains the following properties:

- `type`: Either `"stitcher"` or `"pre-stitcher"`. If enough memory and CPU is available, Remotion may use parallel rendering and encoding, which means that a pre-stitcher process gets spawned before all frames are rendered. You can tell whether parallel encoding is enabled by adding `--log=verbose` to your render command.
- `args`: An array of strings that is passed as arguments to the FFMPEG command.

Your function must return a modified array of strings.

:::warning
Using this feature is discouraged. Before using it, we want to make you aware of some caveats:

- The render command can change with any new Remotion version, even when it is a patch upgrade. This might break your usage of this feature.
- Depending on the selected codec, available CPU and RAM, Remotion may or may not use "parallel encoding" which will result in multiple FFMPEG commands being executed. Your function must be able to handle being called multiple times.
- This feature is not available when using Remotion Lambda.

Before you use this hack, reach out to the Remotion team on [Discord](https://remotion.dev/discord) and ask us if we are open to implement the feature you need in a clean way - we often do implement new features quickly based on users feedback.
:::

### ~~`ffmpegExecutable`~~

_removed in v4.0, optional_

A custom FFMPEG executable to be used. By default, a binary called `ffmpeg` will be searched in your `PATH`.

### ~~`ffprobeExecutable?`~~ <AvailableFrom v="3.0.17" />

_removed in v4.0, optional_

An absolute path overriding the `ffprobe` executable to use.

## Return value

`stitchFramesToVideo()` returns a promise which resolves to nothing. If everything goes well, the output will be placed in `outputLocation`.

## See also

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/stitch-frames-to-video.ts)
- [bundle()](/docs/bundle)
- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [getCompositions()](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)
- [renderFrames()](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media)
